Docs changes to reflect new assessment settings API and naming (#119)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/organizations.mdx

### Sample Response

> **Note:** The `two-factor-conformant` and `assessments-enforced` properties are only returned from Terraform Cloud organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Only Terraform Cloud organizations return the `two-factor-conformant` and `assessments-enforced` properties. Health assessments are not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

        "fair-run-queuing-enabled": true,
        "saml-enabled": false,
        "owners-team-saml-role-id": null,

>         "two-factor-conformant": false,

Reviewer: Can we add a note under the Sample Response heading that these two are only available for TFC. Maybe something like:

**Note:** The `two-factor-conformant` and `enforce-assessments` properties are only returned from Terraform Cloud organizations.

### Sample Response

> **Note:** The `two-factor-conformant` and `assessments-enforced` properties are only returned from Terraform Cloud organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Only Terraform Cloud organizations return the `two-factor-conformant` and `assessments-enforced` properties. Health assessments are not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

| `data.attributes.send-passing-statuses-for-untriggered-speculative-plans` | boolean | false     | Whether or not to send VCS status updates for untriggered speculative plans. This can be useful if large numbers of untriggered workspaces are exhausting request limits for connected version control service providers like GitHub. Defaults to false. In Terraform Enterprise, this setting is always false and cannot be changed but is also available in Site Administration. |
| `data.attributes.owners-team-saml-role-id`                                | string  | (nothing) | **Optional.** **SAML only** The name of the ["owners" team](/enterprise/user-management/saml/team-membership#managing-membership-of-the-owners-team)                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `data.attributes.enforce-assessments`                                     | boolean | (false)   | Whether or not to compel health assessments for all workspaces capable of being assessed. When true, health assessments will occur on all compatible workspaces, regardless of the value of the workspace setting `assessments-enabled`. When false, health assessments will only occur for workspaces that opt in by setting `assessments-enabled: true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.enforce-assessments`                                     | boolean | (false)   | Whether or not to compel health assessments for all eligible workspaces. When `true`, Terraform Cloud performs health assessments for all compatible workspaces, regardless of the value of the workspace-level setting `assessments-enabled`. When `false`, Terraform Cloud only performs health assessments for workspaces that set `assessments-enabled: true`. This property is not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

| `data.attributes.send-passing-statuses-for-untriggered-speculative-plans` | boolean | false     | Whether or not to send VCS status updates for untriggered speculative plans. This can be useful if large numbers of untriggered workspaces are exhausting request limits for connected version control service providers like GitHub. Defaults to false. In Terraform Enterprise, this setting is always false and cannot be changed but is also available in Site Administration. |
| `data.attributes.owners-team-saml-role-id`                                | string  | (nothing) | **Optional.** **SAML only** The name of the ["owners" team](/enterprise/user-management/saml/team-membership#managing-membership-of-the-owners-team)                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `data.attributes.assessments-enforced`                                     | boolean | (false)   | Whether or not to compel health assessments for all workspaces capable of being assessed. When true, health assessments will occur on all compatible workspaces, regardless of the value of the workspace setting `assessments-enabled`. When false, health assessments will only occur for workspaces that opt in by setting `assessments-enabled: true`.

Reviewer: We don't want to use "will" --> Our style guide prohibits future-facing words to describe current functionality. Also --> this isn't part of TFE, so I was thinking we should say that here?

```suggestion
| `data.attributes.assessments-enforced`                                     | boolean | (false)   | Whether or not to compel health assessments for all eligible workspaces. When true, health assessments occur on all compatible workspaces, regardless of the value of the workspace setting `assessments-enabled`. When false, health assessments only occur for workspaces that opt in by setting `assessments-enabled: true`. Not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

| `data.attributes.send-passing-statuses-for-untriggered-speculative-plans` | boolean | false     | Whether or not to send VCS status updates for untriggered speculative plans. This can be useful if large numbers of untriggered workspaces are exhausting request limits for connected version control service providers like GitHub. Defaults to false. In Terraform Enterprise, this setting is always false and cannot be changed but is also available in Site Administration. |
| `data.attributes.owners-team-saml-role-id`                                | string  | (nothing) | **Optional.** **SAML only** The name of the ["owners" team](/enterprise/user-management/saml/team-membership#managing-membership-of-the-owners-team)                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `data.attributes.enforce-assessments`                                     | boolean | (false)   | Whether or not to compel health assessments for all workspaces capable of being assessed. When true, health assessments will occur on all compatible workspaces, regardless of the value of the workspace setting `assessments-enabled`. When false, health assessments will only occur for workspaces that opt in by setting `assessments-enabled: true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.enforce-assessments`                                     | boolean | (false)   | Whether or not to compel health assessments for all eligible workspaces. When `true`, Terraform Cloud performs health assessments for all compatible workspaces, regardless of the value of the workspace-level setting `assessments-enabled`. When `false`, Terraform Cloud only performs health assessments for workspaces that set `assessments-enabled: true`. This property is not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

| `data.attributes.send-passing-statuses-for-untriggered-speculative-plans` | boolean | false     | Whether or not to send VCS status updates for untriggered speculative plans. This can be useful if large numbers of untriggered workspaces are exhausting request limits for connected version control service providers like GitHub. Defaults to false. In Terraform Enterprise, this setting is always false and cannot be changed but is also available in Site Administration. |
| `data.attributes.owners-team-saml-role-id`                                | string  | (nothing) | **Optional.** **SAML only** The name of the ["owners" team](/enterprise/user-management/saml/team-membership#managing-membership-of-the-owners-team)                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `data.attributes.assessments-enforced`                                     | boolean | (false)   | Whether or not to compel health assessments for all workspaces capable of being assessed. When true, health assessments will occur on all compatible workspaces, regardless of the value of the workspace setting `assessments-enabled`. When false, health assessments will only occur for workspaces that opt in by setting `assessments-enabled: true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.assessments-enforced`                                     | boolean | (false)   | Whether or not to compel health assessments for all eligible workspaces. When true, health assessments occur on all compatible workspaces, regardless of the value of the workspace setting `assessments-enabled`. When false, health assessments only occur for workspaces that opt in by setting `assessments-enabled: true`. Not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

### Sample Response

> **Note:** The `two-factor-conformant` and `assessments-enforced` properties are only returned from Terraform Cloud organizations.

Reviewer: Updating some of these to be active voice, per our style guide. I also wanted to add this second part to explain why -- the feature just isn't available in TFE yet.

```suggestion
**Note:** Only Terraform Cloud organizations return the `two-factor-conformant` and `assessments-enforced` properties. Health assessments are not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

      "fair-run-queuing-enabled": true,
      "saml-enabled": false,
      "owners-team-saml-role-id": null,

>       "two-factor-conformant": false,

Reviewer: Can we add a note under the Sample Response heading that these two are only available for TFC. Maybe something like:

Note: The two-factor-conformant and enforce-assessments properties are only returned from Terraform Cloud organizations.
